Course Log

Team contract:
We work on the project 2 hours Tuesday and all of Friday.
We contact each other via text message and github.
If we are behind we make up for lost time by meeting ekstra.

March 8, 2013

Today we will be trying to get a grip on the project start. Made 3 fun lands in netbeans.

March 15, 2013

Today we worked on paper. We did some awesome brainstorming where nothing was out of bounds. Came up with some crazy fun lands. Talked about the structure of the game. (multi dimensional arrays) Also the opject of the games in the different lands

March 22, 2013

Today we experimented with game elements layout. We made animals with ascii-art. We organized the levels of the games. We found out how to save and load from files.

April 5, 2013

Today we talked about weaving an knitting. Yarn quality and 3D printing were also important topics! :) That done we worked ekstra hard on printing our game maps from the text files using multi dimentional arrays. Unless otherwise stated we work equal time at the computer.

April 12, 2013

Today we worked on implementing movement, but it didn't really work. We made a tornado! We have made alot of logic functions in the map class.

(===)
(===)
 (==)
  (=)
  () 
()     
-----

April 19, 2013

Today we received a wakeup call about not using evil wizards. This was usefull. We found out that we need to implement Jframe. For the last 3 weeks we have hoping we could avoid it. But we needed it for the keylistener. We have been working on MVC which we would like to have in our project. We have also worked on some player logic and got the player variables to change when we pressed the arrow keys.

April 22, 2013

Today we got the JFrame to show a textarea, and then we got the textarea to show our map.
Next time we will try to paint the player in the textarea, and make the player move.


April 24, 2013

We got the player to be drawn on the map, but we could not make him move. That's the next step. To get the player to move around.

May 1, 2013

Major cleanup day - refactoring, removing irrelevant code, and refreshing the JFrame.
And we got the player to move around. yay!

May 3, 2013

Today we added the class Blocks, which tells which blocks cannot move into other blocks. So now, the boat can only move in water, and swamp, but not on the grass. And if the boat is in the swamps, then it moves 10 times slower. And if it touches the tornado, the controls are reversed, so up is down, and left is right.
Next step is to get the tornado to move around sort of randomly.

May 7, 2013

Today we got the tornado to move.
And we made it so it was easy to make multiple tornadoes and enemies (pigs for example).
We got a hint about making the enemy class a superclass, and then making tornado and pig subclasses of that class. That is maybe the next step.
Also next step is to implement MVC.